README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Strategy Game
A game that revolves around a villain powering up while defending against waves
of heroes. The game is made for people interested in playing strategy games related
to building up power from scratch, similar to popular games such as *Super Auto Pets* or *Slay the Spire*.
The project serves as a quick introduction to game development for me and will give me insight on
whether I intend to pursue game development/ similar projects.

## **User Stories:**
- As a user, I want to be able to add any amount of items to my inventory through a shop or by killing enemies any amount of times
  (each duplicate will counts towards the items level)
- As a user, I want to be able to open my inventory to see all acquired items.
- As a user, I want to be able to kill enemies to gain gold and items.
- As a user, I want to be able to fight random enemies
- As a user, I want to be able to save my games progress (i.e. items, enemies)
- As a user, I want to be able to load the progress that I have saved

## **JSON**
Referenced from: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/JsonSerializationDemo

Commit message:

added another x and y thing, added half of equipped item mechanic

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## Strategy Game
A game that revolves around a villain powering up while defending against waves
of heroes. The game is made for people interested in playing strategy games related
to building up power from scratch, similar to popular games such as *Super Auto Pets* or *Slay the Spire*.
The project serves as a quick introduction to game development for me and will give me insight on
whether I intend to pursue game development/ similar projects.

## **User Stories:**
- As a user, I want to be able to add any amount of items to my inventory through a shop or by killing enemies any amount of times
  (each duplicate will counts towards the items level)
- As a user, I want to be able to open my inventory to see all acquired items.
- As a user, I want to be able to equip and item through the inventory
- As a user, I want to be able to kill enemies to gain gold and items.
- As a user, I want to be able to fight random enemies
- As a user, I want to be able to save my games progress (i.e. items, enemies)
- As a user, I want to be able to load the progress that I have saved

## **Instructions for Grader:**
- You can generate the first required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by either killing an enemy (through Attack) or purchasing a weapon through the shop, which adds an item to your inventory.
- You can generate the second required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by opening the inventory, and clicking on an item. This should equip the item as seen through the stats page.
- You can locate my visual component by the amount of characters above the main menu, with the characters indicating the amount of enemies
- You can save the state of my application by clicking the save option in the main menu
- You can reload the state of my application by clicking the load option in the main menu

Side Note: You are able to navigate the game either throw arrow keys and space bar or clicking on the options

## **JSON**
Referenced from: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/JsonSerializationDemo
